We are so glad we found this place. 	 1
Always a great time at Dos Gringos! 	 1
A great way to finish a great. 	 1
The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well. 	 0
There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company. 	 0
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up. 	 0
The turkey and roast beef were bland. 	 0
This place has it! 	 1
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try. 	 1
Omelets are to die for! 	 1
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience. 	 0
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party. 	 1
Best breakfast buffet!!! 	 1
Will be back again! 	 1
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go! 	 1
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming. 	 1
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it. 	 1
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon! 	 1
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal! 	 1
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing. 	 1
Will go back next trip out. 	 1
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good. 	 0
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy. 	 0
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit. 	 1
Nice, spicy and tender. 	 1
Good prices. 	 1
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine. 	 0
Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES! 	 0
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that... 	 0
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food. 	 0
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers. 	 1
The management is rude. 	 0
Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even. 	 1
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations. 	 1
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas. 	 0
The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us. 	 0
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me. 	 0
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food. 	 1
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated. 	 1
